alright so the entire hotel is restless
right now we had a crazy fight about
five minutes ago some crazy woman on
woman action so we've was torn out of
some some heads it's 3am everyone's
trying to sleep and everyone's all awake
no one's sleeping tonight let's face it
so crazy everyone here is just like on
edge
hundreds of people on each floor to
arouse it's like fucking an ant farm
and the sad part is that had nothing to
do with the gaming tournament so
everyone's going to get a bad rep for
tonight no one knows what the fuck just
happened
like a souvenir we'll go right I saw a
flyer
Wow only in Philly ladies and gentlemen
bully shit
I've been any sees previously and it
used to be at a hotel where there were
roaches on the floor there are no
roaches on the floor but there are some
fucking crazy ass fights going on here
tonight
wow wow wow wow
as a girl sprinting it fills media crap
look forward a fuck
Wow
Oh
yeah I could
now
winter brawl 5 don't sleep you might
miss it